Added docs for cache: no-store (#17926)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/compatibility-dates/cache-no-store.md

---
_build:
	publishResources: false
	render: never
	list: never

name: "Enable `cache: no-store` HTTP standard API"
sort_date: "2024-11-11"
enabled_date: "2024-11-11"
enable_flag: "cache_option_enabled"
disable_flag: "cache_option_disabled"
---

> When this flag is enabled, the cache header becomes available within the [`fetch()` API](/workers/runtime-apis/fetch/). The option for `no-store` is enabled.

Reviewer: What this enables is this:

https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Request/cache

The `cache` property of `Request`.

I see where you're going describing it in terms of headers, but "the header becomes available" not quite right.

We should be precise here and elsewhere:

```suggestion
When you enable the `cache_option_enabled` compatibility flag, you can specify a value for the `cache` property of the `Request` interface. When this compatibility flag is not enabled, or `cache_option_disabled` is set, the Workers runtime will throw an error if you attempt to specify the `cache` property.

For example, when this flag is enabled you can instruct Cloudflare not to cache the response from a subrequest you make from your Worker, using the [`fetch()` API](/workers/runtime-apis/fetch/):

<example using no-store>

...then show how this maps to headers, as you do below on line 16
```

Reviewer 2: +1 to the wording change. Was a bit hard to follow exactly what you can now do originally.

> For a cross-zone request this simply specifies the headers `Pragma: no-cache` and `Cache-Control: no-cache` to the origin.

Reviewer 2: style nitpick: I'd replace "simply" with "just" or just drop the word.

Reviewer 2: Also, I think this reads slightly off "specifies headers to the origin" - specifies headers in the request to the origin?

> For grey-cloud subrequests this bypasses the Cloudflare's cache.

Reviewer 2: We sometimes use grey cloud in external docs, but for the most part I think we shouldn't. We know what it means internally, but average new user won't.

Author: do we want to do the same with cross-zone?

Example:

```js

> const response = await fetch("https://example.com", { cache: 'no-store'});

Reviewer 3: Suggestion: add an example for `new Request()` too? We support it there too right?

sort_date: "2024-11-11"
enabled_date: "2024-11-11"
enable_flag: "cache_option_enabled"
disable_flag: "cache_option_disabled"
---

When you enable the `cache_option_enabled` compatibility flag, you can specify a value for the `cache` property of the Request interface.
When this compatibility flag is not enabled, or `cache_option_disabled` is set, the Workers runtime will throw an `Error` saying `The 'cache' field on
'RequestInitializerDict is not implemented.`

For example, when this flag is enabled you can instruct Cloudflare not to cache the response from a subrequest you make from your Worker, using the [`fetch()` API](/workers/runtime-apis/fetch/):

The only cache option enabled with `cache_option_enabled` is `'no-store'`.
Any other value will cause the Workers runtime to throw a `TypeError` with the message `Unsupported cache mode: <the-mode-you-specified>`.

When `no-store` is specified:
* For a cross-zone request the headers `Pragma: no-cache` and `Cache-Control: no-cache` are sent to the origin.

* For subrequests to origins not hosted by Cloudflare, `no-store` bypasses Cloudflare's cache in addition to specifying the above headers.

> Examples using `cache: 'no-store'`.

Reviewer 2: This isn't a sentence, so we shouldn't have a period. Maybe our lowest lever of header would render well? Or just replace the period with a ":"?

> ```js

Reviewer 2: Maybe add a little text about this one specifically, so it's similar to to the one below.

Maybe just: "The 'cache' have can be passed into the options for `fetch`"

const response = await fetch("https://example.com", { cache: 'no-store'});
```

> You can also create a Response object to pass around:

Reviewer 2: Maybe just: "The cache value can also be set on Request"

"to pass around" isn't doing much here

```js

> const request = new Response("https://example.com", { cache: 'no-store'});

Reviewer 3: This should be `Request`, not `Response`
